E-lectrified Publishing defies contemporary publishing practices. The book industry no longer controls the game. "Book" does not just refer to a story in bound paper. Virtual pages offer convenience. Audio and visual additions enhance the reading experience. Translations carry a story across international boarders. Storytelling is open for unlimited upgrades and anyone can invent a new medium. All you need is a little help.

Publishing involves so much more than writing a story and most writers do not possess the passion or ability to preform all the necessary roles. Traditional publishers exist to take care of the business of publishing, but at the price of the book's rights. Most authors can hope only for an advance from the these publishers as reward for their hard work. What's more, traditional publishers are willing to do less for first-time authors than ever before. They expect you to have a strong social platform and online presence. You are responsible for marketing your book. And sometimes they ask that you pay a professional editor before they buy your rights. It's coming to the point where the best advantage for traditional publishing is nation-wide library distribution. The advantages and disadvantages for traditional versus self-publishing are an even match.

E-lectrified Publishing aims to empower authors, artists, and literary professionals through collaboration. We hope to bring creative minds together and provide for them a platform from which to launch their projects. 

We understand your frustrations. You just want to write. You want to produce your best work and display it for readers to enjoy. We are dedicated to helping authors become the best writers they can through connections to affordable editors, artists, and literary professionals.

Writers can upload samples of their works that are in need of help. Flag the type of help you need, whether it be an editor, illustrator, graphic designer, beta reader, agent, or all of the above. Tag your work with the most appropriate genres and audiences. Review responses and bids. Then contact your favorites. 

We do not ask for any rights to your works. We only request your permission to distribute copies of your digital work to libraries in the future. If you grant us permission, we will allow you to decide the distribution costs and we will pass 70% on to you. There are no punishments if you decline.
